Do you still believe he is the Dragon Emperor?
You are really fake
Don't listen to him
The emperor pretended to be dead
Who dares to impersonate
No tears without seeing the coffin, right?
Then I'll make you cry
Ah!
With this ugly scar on your face
Also worthy of claiming to be a soul
Lao Tzu is the eldest young master of martial arts sticks
Do you know what the consequences of offending Lao Tzu are?
It can be dangerous.
A centipede fell from the sky to help you
Damn how dare you fake roller skating
I'll kill you.
Kill you
Say why you fake roller skating
Of course I want to take advantage of you
Son of a bitch
I opened it.
Now you don't think I'm a dog
Are you nosy?
By the way, how did you know he was a fake Dragon Emperor?
Because I know the True Dragon Emperor
With just you, you have the ability to meet the True Dragon Emperor
Master Ye, I especially dislike your ignorance
And arrogant
Then you tell me
When and where did you see the True Dragon Emperor?